this is a sea Fox 328 commander it's
built in Moncks Corner South Carolina
and I'll tell you what one thing we've
noticed about this boat and truly about
a lot of the big center consoles here at
the Miami Boat Show these things are
luxurious they are just plain plush it's
the new normal in a center console boat
particularly up in the bow which is
commonly the entertainment area you've
got these comfy seats off forward here
with diamond stitching and on top of
that this is what the forward console
seat looks like remember when the
forward console seat was like a little
box often it was just a cooler with a
cushion on top that was strapped down
that was not very comfortable this
hahaha this is comfy in fact even that
helm suits are overcome - these are
LeBrock but don't take my word for how
comfortable they are let's get someone
else's opinion sharise more over here
this is sharise our social media expert
for boats calm now you're not normally a
boater right now at it off now how
comfortable would you expect the seats
on a fishing boat today I've been
serving these are grain there you go see
the 328 commander is Steve follicles
flagship this is the biggest so they
build so it is quite jazzed up in fact
these garments here on the helm that's
standard equipment
now this boat is rigged out with twin
Yamaha f-350 plenty of horsepower and it
also does have joystick control the helm
is for system this is an option they can
come in quite handy when you're trying
to maneuver the boat in tight corners
all you got to do is grab it and twist
and around the boat goes pretty nifty
stuff
you've got an automatic cooler that pops
right out from under the leaning post at
the press of a button and then up above
it your reading station with a big tray
and back over here in the transom of the
boat you've got a live well here and a
live walk here so the fishing aspect of
things is definitely not ignored if
you're interested in a thirty to
something center console you really want
to luxury end of things completely taken
care of but you also want some real fish
ability check this one out
come on over boats calm and read the
full view boat insurance at United
Marine underwriters were simply the best
at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds
United marine underwriters